 
Simon  Gonzalez  De  Cruz  Long  Beach,  CA  90802|  562-374-6790  |  gonzalez.simon@icloud.com  |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/simongonzalezdc  Independent  Consultant   Independent  Consultant  leveraging  extensive  experience  in  learning  systems,  talent  development,  and  data  analytics  across  
finance,
 
energy,
 
and
 
investment
 
management.
 
Skilled
 
in
 
managing
 
global
 
training
 
programs,
 
optimizing
 
LMS
 
platforms
 
(SAP
 
SuccessFactors,
 
Cornerstone,
 
SABA),
 
and
 
using
 
tools
 
like
 
Power
 
BI,
 
Tableau,
 
and
 
SQL
 
to
 
deliver
 
actionable
 
insights.
 
Known
 
for
 
streamlining
 
processes,
 
improving
 
user
 
experience,
 
and
 
aligning
 
workforce
 
development
 
with
 
organizational
 
goals.
   Areas  of  Expertise   Learning  Management  Systems:  SAP  SuccessFactors,  Cornerstone  CSOD,  SABA  |  Virtual  Communication  Tools:  WebEx,  Jabber,  
Adobe
 
Connect,
 
Skype
 
for
 
Business,
 
Microsoft
 
Teams,
 
Zoom
 
|
 
Microsoft
 
Office:
 
Excel,
 
Word,
 
PowerPoint,
 
Access,
 
OneNote
 
Data
 
Analysis:
 
Pivot
 
Tables,
 
VLOOKUP,
 
XLOOKUP,
 
Power
 
Query,
 
SQL,
 
Python,
 
Power
 
BI,
 
Tableau
 
|
 
Cloud
 
Applications:
 
Salesforce
 
CRM
 
|
 
Google
 
Suite:
 
Mail,
 
Docs,
 
Sheets,
 
Drive
 
|
 
Online
 
Survey
 
Tools:
 
Qualtrics,
 
SurveyMonkey
 
|
 
Workday
 
|AI
 
tools
 
|LLMs
 Analytical  Skills  |  Attention  to  Detail  |  Prioritization  |  Independent  Work  |  Customer  Service  |  User  Experience   Problem  Solving  |  Business  Impact  Analysis  |  Follow-up  &  Follow-through  |  Quick  Learner     Professional  Experience   Capital  Group,  Irvine,  CA                                                                                                                             November  2020  -  July  2025  Talent  Development  Associate  Lead  Handle  sensitive  information  discreetly  and  communicate  effectively  with  all  levels,  including  senior  leadership.  Understand  
Talent
 
Development
 
offerings
 
and
 
collaborate
 
with
 
HR
 
on
 
key
 
initiatives.
 ●  Coordinate  logistics  for  training  programs  and  develop  a  global  training  schedule  for  over  8,000  associates.  ●  Create  and  manage  training  sessions,  support  associates  with  scheduling,  and  optimize  enrollments.  ●  Track  training  completions  and  manage  technical  aspects  of  sessions.  ●  Develop  program  metrics  and  improve  registration  processes.  ●  Partner  with  Talent  Development  and  HR  to  drive  engagement  and  coordinate  program  communications.  ●  Workday  Learning  Admin.  ●  Data  Analytics  for  all  programs.   Southern  California  Edison  (Contracted  with  Spectraforce  Technologies)                                       February  2019  –  November  2020  Project/Program  Analyst  III,  March  2020  -  November  2020  Provided  project  management  support,  track  development  progress  against  timelines  and  developed  project  status  reports.  
Maintained
 
instructional
 
designers’
 
weekly
 
status
 
reports.
 ●  Management  /  administration  of  Adobe  Connect  virtual  training  sessions.  ●  Coordinated  Train-the-Trainer  (TTT)  and  training  delivery  logistics;  booked  training  rooms,  send  TTT  meeting  invitation  
and
 
track
 
attendees,
 
ordered
 
meals.
 ●  Managed  training  enrollments  in  SAP  SuccessFactors  Learning  Management  System  ●  Prepared  presentation  decks  for  meetings  as  requested.  ●  Recorded  meeting  minutes  as  requested  and  participated  in  ongoing  team  meetings.  ●  Developed  templates  as  requested  by  Training  Program  Lead  ●  Compiled  post  training  evaluation  results  and  created  reports  as  needed.   Project/Program  Analyst  I,  February  2019  -  December  2019  Supported  Learning  Operations  team  for  Switch,  Engage  &  Connect  trainings  and  other  projects.  Created  and  optimized,  
efficient
 
work
 
processes
 
to
 
deliver
 
a
 
high-quality
 
training
 
experience,
 
by
 
leveraging
 
flexibility,
 
planning
 
and
 
critical
 
thinking
 
skills.
 ●  Demonstrate  leadership  and  organizational  skills  by  managing  detailed  reporting  and  implementing  Lean  Six  Sigma  
process
 
improvement.
 
 
Simon  Gonzalez  De  Cruz              562-374-6790                                                                                            Page  2   ●  LMS  Administration  for  recording  participant  learning  credit,  processing  rosters,  and  for  report  creation  and  analysis.  ●  Main  point  of  contact  for  Edison  Learning  questions  regarding  Safety  training;  correspond  with  employees  to  
troubleshoot
 
course
 
issues
 
via
 
Edison
 
Learning
 
inbox.
 ●  Create  and  maintain  spreadsheets,  records,  documents,  databases,  and  other  administrative  duties  as  assigned.  ●  Pack  and  ship  training  materials  to  respective  training  locations.  ●  Maintain  inventory  to  ensure  efficient  resource  utilization.  ●  Work  with  third-party  vendors  (e.g.,  catering,  hotel  staff,  role  playing  services).  ●  Support  Pilot  and  Train-the-Trainer  sessions  on  logistics  and  coaching  new  facilitators.    PIMCO  (Contracted  with  Ascent  Services)                                                                                                      April  2018  -  November  2018  Training  and  Org.  Development  Associate  Planned,  scheduled,  coordinated  and  facilitated  in-person,  phone,  and  video  conference  trainings  and  meetings.  Coordinated  
all
 
communications,
 
logistics,
 
tracking
 
&
 
reporting
 
of
 
accurate
 
program
 
execution.
 ●  Ongoing  administration  of  LMS  (Learning  Management  System)  -  Cornerstone  on  Demand.  ●  Compiled  materials  for  monthly  team  meetings  and  recorded  meeting  minutes  ●  Researched  and  identified  industry  and  firm  best  practice  and  trends.  Recommended  potential  solutions,  
improvements
 
and
 
develop
 
new
 
event
 
or
 
program
 
ideas.
 ●  Maintained  all  T&OD  communications,  ensuring  alignment  with  communication  strategy  and  branding.  ●  Handled  files  and  intranet  page  to  ensure  accuracy,  updating  and  changing  as  required.  ●  Provided  exemplary  customer  service  when  answering  questions  and  providing  instructions.  Brought  up  issues  as  
needed
 
to
 
appropriate
 
T
 
&
 
OD
 
team
 
members.
  American  Red  Cross,  Health  and  Safety  Services                                                                                November  2012  –  December  2017   Coordinator  of  Training  Schedules,  June  2015  -  December  2017  Developed  schedule  and  managed  classroom  space  for  CPR  classes.  Ensured  efficient  resource  allocation.  ●  Provided  excellent  customer  service  to  external  clients,  using  Salesforce  CRM  software  tools.  ●  Worked  successfully  through  multiple  transitions  in  software  and  business  processes  to  ensure  quality  service  to  our  
customers.
 ●  Supported  quality  assurance  team.  ●  Administered  and  analyzed  surveys  to  clients.  ●  Data  analysis  and  report  generation.  ●  Presented  findings  to  local  and  regional  teams  to  help  improve  efficiency.   Health  and  Safety  Instructor,  August  2013  -  June  2015  Facilitated  Training  in  English  and  Spanish  First  Aid  /  CPR/  Basic  Life  Support,  EMR,  and  Train-the-Trainer.  Across  the  Southern  
California
 
service
 
area.
  Disaster  Services  Volunteer  Coordinator,  Los  Angeles,  CA,  November  2012  -  August  2013  Logistics  Support  for  Disaster  Response.  Recruitment,  onboarding  and  training  of  new  volunteers.  ●  Supervision  of  summer  interns.  ●  Spanish  translation  services  to  community  members  during  disasters.    Education   Bachelor  of  Business  Administration,  Computer  Information  Systems  
University
 
of
 
Puerto
 
Rico,
 
San
 
Juan,
 
PR
  Google  Data  Analytics  Professional  Certificate  
  
